Choose any ONE product:
Blinkit {chosen}
Swiggy (Instamart)
Zepto
You are a Product Manager on the Growth Team at your chosen company.
Quick commerce platforms have successfully become a part of users' weekly routines.

Many users place recurring orders for Groceries, snacks & beverages and household essentials.

Over time, however, shopping behavior becomes highly repetitive. Users often purchase the same set of products repeatedly and rarely explore new categories available on the platform.

One of the company's strategic goals is to:

Increase the percentage of Monthly Active Customers who purchase products from at least one new category every month.

Examples:

A user who buys groceries starts buying pet supplies.
A user who buys snacks starts buying personal care products.
A user who buys household essentials starts buying baby products.
Part 1: Build an AI-Powered Discovery Engine
Before proposing any solution, you must build an AI-powered system that analyzes user feedback at scale.

You may use:

Claude
GPTs
Agents
Workflows
RAG systems
n8n
Zapier
Perplexity
Any AI-native stack of your choice
The goal is to analyze:

App Store reviews
Play Store reviews
Reddit discussions
Community forums
Social media conversations
Product reviews
Quick-commerce discussions
Your discovery engine should help answer questions such as:

Why do users repeatedly buy from the same categories?
What prevents users from exploring new categories?
How do users discover products today?
What role do habits play in shopping behavior?
What information do users need before trying a new category?
What frustrations emerge repeatedly?
Which user segments are more likely to experiment?
What unmet needs emerge consistently across discussions?
You should demonstrate:

How your workflow gathers and analyzes data
How themes are identified
How insights are generated
How you validated the quality of the insights
Part 2: Validate the Opportunity Through User Research
AI-generated insights are only a starting point. You must validate your findings through primary research.

Conduct 5–6 user interviews with respondents belonging to the segment you choose to focus on.

Part 3: Define the Problem
Based on your research, frame the problem by clearly articulating:

The target user segment
The root cause of the problem
Existing user workarounds
Why solving the problem creates user value
Why solving the problem makes business sense
You should demonstrate how your primary research validated or challenged the insights surfaced by your AI-powered discovery engine.

Part 4: Build an AI-Native MVP
Based on your insights, design and build a functional MVP.

The MVP may take the form of:

A prototype for a feature within the existing product
An AI-powered workflow
An AI agent
You need to deploy this MVP to production.

Deliverables
[Link] Demonstrate your Review Analysis Workflow by uploading
Link to test out your workflow
A 1-slider (inside the final deck) that outlines how this works.
\*\*[PDF]\*\*A 10-slide deck that outlines your thought process
[Link] A link to the prototype or the agent that you have deployed to production
Guidelines for the deck:

Name of the Fellow should NOT be present anywhere in the slide deck
10 slides max (title slide, if you choose to have it, should be counted within the 10 slides)
Slide title should state the key message of the slide for easier reading. For example: don’t write “Problem” as the slide title, state the problem succinctly in the slide title.
If you are using a background colour for the slides, please ensure the text is readable.
When using colours, keep in mind the reader may be colour blind. So, choose colours carefully.
Link supporting artefacts (eg. survey URLs etc) via a hyperlink. Please ensure the reader has access to the documents. If you do not provide access, this might lead to reduction in your scores.
Maximum file size should be less than 40 MB
Naming of the file should be e.g. NL PhonePe
Minimum font size: 14 for Google Slides or PPT (this has to be strictly adhered to) Minimum font size: 26 for Figma with frame of 1920*1080px (this has to be strictly adhered to)
Minimum font size: 22 for Canva with frame of 1920*1080px (this has to be strictly adhered to)